# TapNShop
This project is designed to address issues like long queues, chaotic crowds, slow service etc and provide a comprehensive solution to improve the efficiency and fairness in serving the students. By allowing shopkeepers to be more efficient and fairer in their service, this system aims to prioritize the students on a First Come First Serve basis, urging them to carry their ID cards when on campus to facilitate a smooth experience. The system also maintains a record of daily sales, which helps in tracking inventory and identifying popular products. Shopkeepers can obtain a simplified analysis of that day's sales, aiding them in financial planning and decision-making. Additionally, this digitalization of the system has numerous benefits, including ease of management and the reduction of paper usage, resulting in a more sustainable solution.

The architecture comprising an RFID scanner, MySQL server, FastAPI web server, and web application serves as a robust and efficient solution for managing inventory and sales in a retail environment. The RFID scanner is responsible for reading the tags of the students who can then place their orders in the shops. This data is then sent to the MySQL server, where it is stored in a database. The FastAPI web server is used to build APIs that communicate with the MySQL database and retrieve data when requested. The web application is designed to allow users to access the database and view the inventory and sales data.  The use of RFID technology and the MySQL database helps in tracking inventory levels and maintaining an accurate record of sales. 
